docs: Firebase Admob requires AdMob ID, and legacy http workaround (#186)
invertase/react-native-firebase-docs: docs/admob/android.md

  // ...
}
```

## Enable Legacy HTTP Library in AndroidManifest

> Android 9.0 removed by default all traces of the old Apache HTTP library. However, it seems that some libraries need it. You need to add this to your manifest inside the <application> element to enable legacy HTTP Library.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Android 9.0 removed by default all traces of the old Apache HTTP library. However, it seems that some libraries need it. You'll need to add this to your manifest inside the `<application>` element of your `AndroidManifest.xml` file to enable legacy HTTP Library.
```

 - Add missing backticks to application otherwise it gets parsed as a html element and wont show on the docs
 - Tweak wording

  
`<uses-library
    android:name="org.apache.http.legacy"

>     android:required="false"/>`

Reviewer: The title says to enable this but both the values are set to `false`, this seems incorrect?

Reviewer 2: Indeed. It's pretty subtle, [this is from the MobileSDK google group moderator](https://groups.google.com/forum/#!msg/google-admob-ads-sdk/K1HKru7RutY/VEr-Qm00BwAJ), in contact with their team I would suppose:

> Note: The android:required="false" attribute is required for apps that have a minimum SDK of 23 or lower, because on devices with API levels lower than 24, the org.apache.http.legacy library is not available. (On those devices, the Apache HTTP classes are available on the bootclasspath.)

Imaging the errors and triage on each step of figuring this out --> pain

    
```

<application

>       <uses-library android:name="org.apache.http.legacy" android:required="false"/>  // <-- Add this line 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  <uses-library android:name="org.apache.http.legacy" android:required="false"/>  <!-- Add this line -->
```
Formatting + invalid XML code comment
